[Missile Game](http://bwhmather.com/missile-game/)
====================================

This is a game I wrote mainly over the christmas of 2010 and have been slowly
improving since.  Apart from keeping myself distracted, my main reason for
doing it was that I felt SVG was being a bit neglected with all the hype
surrounding the html canvas, webGL and css 3d transforms and that this was
unjust.

It is a close copy of the original flash game by Damien Clarke (which you can
find at [http://albinoblacksheep.com/games/missilegame3d]()) and all credit goes to him
for the design.

The aim is to fly a missile past a sequence of rotating barriers and avoid
crashing for as long as possible while everything speeds up.


The kevlindev folder contains the majority of Kevin Lindsey's SVG geometry
library with the addition of a little bit of slightly gnarly copy paste hacking
to get elliptical arc support by converting to arcs to splines.  Any bugs
in the path routines are probably a result of my hastiness and not the fault of
the original author.  All modifications are constrained to
[AbsoluteArcToPathSegment.js](https://github.com/bwhmather/missile-game/blob/master/lib/kevlindev/AbsoluteArcToPathSegment.js) and
[Path.js](https://github.com/bwhmather/missile-game/blob/master/lib/kevlindev/Path.js) and should be clearly marked in the
source.  The library is needed for collision detection to get around the lack
of a proper implementation of the checkIntersection() method in any browsers
other than opera (at the time of writing).  When support improves it would be
nice to go back and remove this dependency but at the moment there is little
point.


In retrospect it is probably far too DOM focused (I really wanted to make a
proper _SVG_ game and doing so took priority over designing stuff sensibly).
The code for rendering uses very little abstraction (most of it is quite
simple so very little is really needed.  Something like raphael would
probably be overkill and sort of misses the fun).  More importantly keeping
the path data in the DOM and copying it to draw stuff turns out to be quite
ugly, when the same path data is used for collision detection,  reading it
from what is in effect the screen is just plain nasty (as is my original plan
of doing the collision detection on the 'screen').

On the other hand it looks good it, it runs smoothly on reasonable hardware
and it's fun! (at least in my not so humble opinion)


TODO:
----
  * Add support for smartphones and tablets (fullscreen, touch, tilt sensors etc)
    I would welome patches for this as I don't have access to either a smartphone
    or tablet.

  * Save high scores in browser local storage

  * Make GUI more consistant

  * Finish adding sound effects

  * Add a menu with options for mouse sensitivity and phone/tablet related stuff

  * Restructure to move data out of the DOM


